Shipping & Returns

SHIPPING INFORMATION
We can ship to almost anywhere in the world.

When you place an order, we estimate shipping and delivery dates based on the availability and shipping options for the items you have selected. According to shipping provider you chose, the estimated delivery date will appear on the shipping quotes page.

Please also note that many of the items we sell are based on weight. The weight of any item can be found on its details page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.

In general, the available shipping options are:

1. Standard delivery (5 - 9 working days): Free delivery to Australia and AU$5.00 onwards for other countries

2. Expedited Shipping (2 - 4 business days): Australia AU$5.50 and AU$15.50 onwards to all countries

*** Please note that we will not ship to PO Box / APO / FPO address. Your books will be shipped from different warehouses in Australia. If you are located in a remote area that we cannot ship, we reserve the cancellation of your order. ***

RETURN INFORMATION
All return request must be submitted within 30 days from date of delivery. Buyers are responsible for return shipping.

If we sent you incorrect item, or your book is damaged, you may submit a return request via your account and our staff will contact to you as soon as possible. Upon approval of return request, please carefully pack the book and attach your order ID and RMA on the package.

Go to My Account
Find the order you wish to return via the list of all completed orders
Click Return Item(s)
Choose return reason
Click Submit Return Request
That's it, once approved, our staff will email you to confirm return address. Buyers will be responsible for the return cost. If buyers refuse to accept the shipment upon delivery and DHL/FedEx/UPS returned the shipment back to us, buyers will be responsible for AU$20 return shipping fee.

You should expect to receive your refund within 1 - 2 business days after we have received the returned book in resaleable condition.